Lilliana Robinson: Okay, I just started.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, lilliana, my, my wi-fi should be good. But if if, in case I chop out or I get slow, just let me know, and I'll make sure that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm a.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, adjusting. I'll switch to my phone, if need be.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But good morning. Good early morning. Good afternoon to some of you. But this is it. I hope you all are ready to kick off pre-program for techclair San Francisco.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But we couldn't be more excited. This is like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, Christmas morning for some of us opening up our our gifts of seeing all the best companies that we could possibly find from all over the world.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all coming together for
Neal Sáles-Griffin: our inaugural program. Nsf, so thanks everybody for being here. I hope you feel good. I hope you're excited to get to work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So lilliana and I will be driving through this setting expectations. But the rest of the team will be here to help, too. Our goal here is to not only set the stage for the coming months, but also make sure that we address any and all questions that you all may have, and you get to know each other a little bit, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is that right, lilliana?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so you can look around. It's the 1st time any of you have seen your classmates which is so exciting, and in a second, we'll let you introduce yourself so you can get to know each other even better. But it's so good to see each and every one of you again. I mean, our team knows each of you, and it's great to see you guys. We've been so excited. So we'll go ahead and go to the next slide. Akadena.
Lilliana Robinson: so quick you'll you'll soon learn that I start every single session with announcements, because there's always so much admin to be done. The Ceos should have received pre program, update one which is a massive email with a bunch of really important information that went out in the middle of the day on Friday. Pacific time. So all of our Ceos should have received that and forwarded it to their relevant team. Members
Lilliana Robinson: make sure that you take time to read through that thoroughly. Every single word in there is extremely important.
Lilliana Robinson: and we made sure that, like everything you need to know is written out there. So if you have any questions on that, we can answer them at the end of this session. But I wanted to call out 3 important deliverables that are listed in there.
Lilliana Robinson: The 1st one.
Lilliana Robinson: the 1st one I'll skip to the second bullet is class roster forms, which is
Lilliana Robinson: how you kind of sign up to be a full time participant in our program. So I listed the considerations in whether all of your team should be a full time program member or not. There are the expectations of you being here for every single required session. But you do get a lot of perks.
Lilliana Robinson: such as swag, which is the welcome kit. So once you fill out the class roster, if you are going to be a full time program, participant, you should fill out the welcome, Kit, that does have a deadline because they need to be shipped by a certain time with our fulfillment center. So make sure that you fill out both of those by this Wednesday.
Lilliana Robinson: and it's kind of up to the Ceos to make sure that everyone who's going to be full time is filling that out and then pre work packets. So one of you has already completed this, which is awesome. But we gave you a lot of time because there is a lot to think about in those packets, and we want it to be kind of an exercise. So
Lilliana Robinson: if you need more time, that's totally fine. I gave you a week and a half.
Lilliana Robinson: So Wednesday, September 4.th Next week is the deadline. Feel free to finish at any time before then, and send it in, and we will send you a calendar link to have a 1 on one to go over it. And that's kind of your 1st exercise getting ready in the thinking mode of goals and evaluating yourself diagnostically as we're going into program.
Lilliana Robinson: So those are our announcements. I'll go over them again at the end.
Lilliana Robinson: But we can go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So we'll start with introductions from you guys. You're gonna do your name.
Lilliana Robinson: your company name, and if you're the 1st person to introduce your company. You can give a little one-liner and then tell us what you're most looking forward to in program.
Lilliana Robinson: So I will pop that in the chat. And then, Akkadina, you can go ahead and stop screen sharing for a second while we.
Lilliana Robinson: while we do some intros.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, here's the prompts.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's see, the 1st founder on my screen is Florence.
Lilliana Robinson: and then we'll do popcorn style. So when you're done, you can pick anyone on the screen.
Florence Ettlin: Hi, everyone! My name is Florence, or Flo. Everyone calls me Flo. I am the co-founder, and CEO of Collab. So I have 2 team members here. On on the call as well. Talitha and yuge
Florence Ettlin: and we are for the short term rental industry. We have a digital concierge powered by AI, and that really helps with improving the overall guest experience. As well as the operational efficiency. And what I'm I mean so many things. I'm looking forward to honestly meeting everyone being able to brainstorm together, learn with each other being in San Francisco, so I can't really pinpoint. One thing, there is lots lots of things together
Florence Ettlin: that's awesome. Oh, I choose. Yeah.
Florence Ettlin: so let's go with
Florence Ettlin: George Reid.
Florence Ettlin: Let's go with you.
George Reed - CEO and Founder: Great. Thank you. Yeah. Hi, everyone. I'm George. I'm the founder of Noetic.
George Reed - CEO and Founder: And oh, yeah, we're a
George Reed - CEO and Founder: building, a crowdsourced second brain for
George Reed - CEO and Founder: market research automation.
George Reed - CEO and Founder: And the thing I'm looking forward to the most is probably the same. Looking forward to meeting everyone and learning from each other, helping each other solve solve challenges so
George Reed - CEO and Founder: can't wait.
George Reed - CEO and Founder: Thanks, guys. And so who am I gonna go? I can't see Duncan. So I'll say, Duncan
George Reed - CEO and Founder: Duncan, M.
Duncan M: Oh, picking on me. Okay, can you all hear me?
Duncan M: I'm in a transit right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hear you.
Duncan M: Yeah. So my name is Duncan Miguel Fresh. I'm with reliable. We are an AI infrastructure
Duncan M: startup with our focus. Still, right now on social media, and also some Dei and fairness
Duncan M: aspects. What am I most excited about?
Duncan M: I am most excited about, 1st of all, learning about all of you and these other amazing ideas, and what I can learn from other founders.
Duncan M: I'm excited for learning about the business resources and networking that
Duncan M: tech stars can bring. And
Duncan M: yeah, this is my 1st time in in the exploratory program. So
Duncan M: and just kind of
Duncan M: eyes open, just wanna soak up as much as I can.
Duncan M: Thanks.
Duncan M: Let me toss it to Morgan.
Morgan Stanton: Good morning here from San Francisco. My name is Morgan Stanton. I'm the CEO of Opal Therapeutics, and my company is essentially trying to do a uterus in a dish. We want to find new pharmaceutical solutions for chronic gynecological conditions like fibroids
Morgan Stanton: and endometriosis. And what I'm most looking forward to with techstars is just the growth, I think, for me as a CEO, and in the company, as well as meeting all of you, and getting to be part of this amazing network, and seeing how we can work together.
Morgan Stanton: So let me popcorn to Dave.
Dave Scott: Hey, guys? My name's Dave. I am the CEO of evil genius games. We make really cool games based on movie properties. I'm really excited about being held accountable for stuff. I have all these all these dreams and plans. I'm gonna do stuff like, you know, customer interviews and stuff like that, and then I never get around to doing them. So being held accountable is what I'm really excited about.
Dave Scott: Alright. So who's next?
Dave Scott: Gosh, Kevin Sue.
Dave Scott: that is you.
Kevin Su: Hey? Everyone good morning here from San Francisco. I'm the Kevin Kevin Sue. I'm the coo of tutor me.
Kevin Su: We're building the world's 1st virtual classroom powered by generative AI.
Kevin Su: I'm with my co-founder here, Nick. Nicholas Lee is here.
Kevin Su: and I think the thing I'm most looking forward to is honestly just being on this journey with everyone you know. Being a founder. It can be a lonely process. And it doesn't hurt to have friends and
Kevin Su: go through a struggle along along with each other, so super excited for that really excited to meet everybody and just overall be part of this program.
Kevin Su: I'm gonna
Kevin Su: send this to I actually, I'm so sorry I don't know who has not gone yet. So I'm just gonna
Kevin Su: pick someone
Kevin Su: I'm pick George HI don't know if you're gone yet.
Lilliana Robinson: George hasn't gone, but he's part of our team, so he'll do his intro in a little bit.
Kevin Su: Cool. Okay, the one pick I have was wrong. I'm sorry. Guys. Let me.
Kevin Su: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, Kevin, let's go with Annie.
Kevin Su: Thanks.
Annie Brown: Hello! Yes. Hi! My name is Annie Brown. I'm the CEO of reliable. I'm the counterpart to Duncan at Reliable and yeah, I guess the and I'm based in San Francisco so excited for y'all to be here, and if you need any tips about staying in San Francisco hit me up.
Annie Brown: I think the thing I'm most excited about is I I'm a lifelong learner, and so, you know, just looking at the schedule and kind of the sessions. Yeah, it does feel like back to school, and I'm I'm pretty excited about it.
Annie Brown: Alright, I will bump to
Annie Brown: Boris. Is that how you pronounce the name.
Barış Ülgen: Yeah, correct. British.
Annie Brown: Brush. Okay.
Barış Ülgen: Hi, guys I'm British. I'm the city of cogniscope.
Barış Ülgen: And basically, we are a a company that analyze a gaming studios player text data to extract like emotions, thoughts and behaviors, and help the studios to understand their customers better.
Barış Ülgen: So what I'm most excited about is that we're actually we're actually gonna be relocating with our whole team 4 people to San Francisco from Turkey. So it is gonna be a really big change for us.
Barış Ülgen: So I'm really really excited to see that. How, how that's gonna play out for all of us.
Barış Ülgen: I'm really excited to be like part of something really crowded. So that's another thing.
Barış Ülgen: So I'm gonna pass the ball to
Barış Ülgen: says that.
Sezer: Hello! I'm Cesar. I'm 1 of the co-founders and CTO of snapshot reviews.
Sezer: and I'm also from Turkey, and we'll be relocating to San Francisco with my business partner.
Sezer: and I am very excited about
Sezer: like getting into the startup environment in San Francisco and building my network there and also exploring the city. And lastly, like snapshot reviews, is a AI powered software team performance measurement tool.
Sezer: And
Sezer: I'll hand over to
Sezer: yeah, they are.
akadinayadegar: Does that mean? Maybe?
akadinayadegar: Yeah, I'm on the stars team. So I'll wait, too.
Sezer: Sorry about that.
Lilliana Robinson: Chloe put a list in the chat with her little popcorn Emoji of who hasn't gone.
Sezer: Alright. Then I'll hand over to my business
Sezer: partner, crib.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Hi! I'm a Cesar's business partner and long term friend. Also the CEO of snapshot reviews.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: As this is as mentioned snapshot of uses a AI powered.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Well, we're looking to replace engineering managers unlike
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Devin or anything else. We've noticed that nobody's actually trying to replace the engineering managers. Everyone's trying to replace the developers. So that's what we're trying to do.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I'll be moving, relocating to San Francisco as well, and I'm quite excited
Kirimgeray Kirimli: for that and
Kirimgeray Kirimli: overall.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I haven't actually gone through a period of
Kirimgeray Kirimli: such intense learning since college
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I'm quite excited for that.
Lilliana Robinson: We've definitely got that. I'm glad to hear it.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you want to pick someone from the list? And in the chat.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Oh, yes,
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I forgot. Yogish.
Yogesh Sabareenath: Hello! Hi!
Yogesh Sabareenath: I'm CTO of Collab.
Yogesh Sabareenath: Yeah. Already you. I have met my partner like CEO and co-founder flow, and
Yogesh Sabareenath: it's been a big dream come true, to be part of Texas and to be coming to San Francisco. I expect
Yogesh Sabareenath: to have a good connections, good learning, and a better
Yogesh Sabareenath: product by our product becoming a better version from the program.
Yogesh Sabareenath: Yeah. So now I'll be picking up
Yogesh Sabareenath: Dominic.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, awesome. Thank you. Hi, everyone. I just wanna awkwardly address the background. 1st and foremost. This is my family homes office, which is an accolade of my childhood pictures. So start up life trying to figure out where to work from. So there you go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Looks great.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, yeah. My mom just loves me so much. In all seriousness, I'm I'm Dominique. I'm CEO and co-founder of Agent Luna. We're building AI agents that automate sales and marketing for Smbs.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: What am I most excited for? I mean, there's been so many answers that I relate to here, and I think definitely the one that resonated so sorry to steal it. But it's
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: it's not being as lonely, I mean co-founders, great, but actually sharing the successes and and challenging each other as well, rather than just your friends telling you, hey, I love the product like, let's get some real honest feedback from from trusted people, so really can't wait to meet you all. We're also relocating to San Francisco. From England, so great to see so many cultures as well.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'm not popcorn in, I mean Williams in the room. I cannot popcorn him and popcorn someone else. But maybe it makes sense to popcorn to William, for now that's all right, sure. Sure. So yeah, there's there's some awards. There's a lot of awards on the other side of the room, but she's Dominique's chosen. The the school picks instead. But pleasure to meet everybody. I'm William the CEO of Agent Luna.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I think I again I echo. What everyone said really excited to meet you, all super excited about the founders retreat, and yeah, really excited that we're an AI company so excited to see what everyone else is working on, and how they're tackling some of the challenges, and then from a learning perspective as well, really trying to
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: dive under the hood and see how we can get Pmf. As quickly as possible. And yeah, learn from each other so
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: alright popcorn time, who is up I'll go to
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: at.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'll go 1st off the list. Is it? Narat? Over to you?
Nirat Attri: Alright, it's Nero. So Hi, guys, I'm neera, and I'm the founder of health blogs.
Nirat Attri: So help blocks is trying to take on the inefficiencies in the healthcare industry. And what we're trying to do is build automations that are electronic health record centric. So it's like a small peat about us.
Nirat Attri: everybody's taking the good points with respect to why, we're excited for tech stars. I think I'm gonna echo the same sentiment I think the entrepreneurial journey tends to be very lonely, and, like you often find yourselves in echo chambers, or like not getting yourself challenged enough, or
Nirat Attri: the variety of feedback that comes in so exceptionally looking forward to the kind of po network that we would have during the program.
Nirat Attri: And of course looking forward to getting the right mentorship and the right guidance that helps us build something cool.
Nirat Attri: So yeah, that's me. That's us.
Nirat Attri: I'd like to pass it on to Ugur. Is it.
Uğur Koç | dert: Pretty close. Hi! I'm more. I'm the chief science officer of cogniscope.
Uğur Koç | dert: But it's already talked a bit about us for the company that does Mo. Emotion talks and behavior analysis on you know, player data. And I'm super excited to bunch of things that was previously stated before. But I found out that you know
Uğur Koç | dert: founders often have really good stories about. You know how they came to where they are today, and I'm really looking forward to hearing those. Since I like this story.
Uğur Koç | dert: and also I I like. While while listening to everyone over here, I felt like I felt an overwhelming sense of joy, because there's so many good ideas to think stuff about. And, you know, grow. And, you know, build on upon. So I think it's gonna be really good. I have great vibes about this entire thing. So I'm really looking forward to meeting everyone.
Uğur Koç | dert: and I should go to if lilliana could give me a queue.
Uğur Koç | dert: Political.
Lilliana Robinson: And the chat. Yep, exactly.
Uğur Koç | dert: Thanks, lifesaver.
talitha.abraham@ehl.ch: Wait, he said. Talitha right.
Uğur Koç | dert: Yes, I I hope so.
talitha.abraham@ehl.ch: Yeah. Hi, my name is Talitha, and I'm the CEO of Collab. You already met my co-founder, Flo, and our CTO Yogash. I think the part that I'm most excited about is being challenged being pushed to the brink. And hopefully, the tech stars helps us sort of rethink how we approach building our business. And the problem that we're solving. So yeah.
talitha.abraham@ehl.ch: and the next person I'm going to choose is Nicholas.
Nicholas Li: Hi, Hi, everyone, yeah, you can just call me Nick. I'm building 2 to me with Kevin. And yeah, I think, Evan, or explained, we're just building a virtual classroom powered by AI
Nicholas Li: and I guess for me, what I'm ex excited about is yeah meeting everyone going on this journey like this
Nicholas Li: pretty long journey with everyone and getting some outside perspective. So yeah.
Nicholas Li: Look forward to seeing everyone like next week.
Nicholas Li: Oh, sorry yeah. For the next it will be for Liz. Sorry if I pronounced it wrong.
Filiz Yönyüksel: Oh, it's right, Phyllis. Hi! I'm the head of psychology of cogniscope you already talked with. We already heard, I'm very sure, and what I'm most excited about is actually again saying the same things. But
Filiz Yönyüksel: coming to San Francisco to live and connect with everyone also the networking, I mean with everyone, with you guys and the other people we will meet with the like tech week and other things.
Filiz Yönyüksel: I'm so excited about everything so overwhelmed. It's it's so nice, and I'll give the microphone to cholu my CEO.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: Hi! All I'm Churrov, the CEO of cogniscope.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: My team already explained what cogniscope is, so I'm really excited to like be a part of the world's like largest tech ecosystem.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: and see like brilliant people, and learn from them from you guys as well
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: like. I think it will be a. It will be a really good story like to tell after 3, 4 years, maybe few.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: But I feel like this is just the beginning of many great things.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: So I'm really excited to be here.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: And I,
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: Nicholas, have you? Yeah, you I I was. I was the last one. Yeah.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: I think that was.
Lilliana Robinson: Did we miss anybody? Feel free to raise your hand? Don't be shy
Lilliana Robinson: cool. Okay. Well, I saw so many like eyes just like light up hearing each other's businesses. You guys probably didn't notice. But that's what's so great about having an industry agnostic program which Neil and I have always had. That it just goes
Lilliana Robinson: across such a large
Lilliana Robinson: variety of subjects, and that's the best part, so that you can help each other. So some of you who are building Sas heard some others that are maybe in healthcare or gaming, or all these different things, and you'll see that variety is exactly what's going to help you guys grow because it brings such a diverse perspective and things you might not have thought about for your own company or hearing someone else do. And it's just amazing. So that's 1 of my favorite parts of the programs we get to run here at techstars.
Lilliana Robinson: The other thing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 1. 1 quick thing, lilliana. Sorry to jump in. I just want to clarify and acknowledge that these introductions, so that I think there's 2 companies that are are missing from today that you'll meet probably in the coming days who weren't able to make it today. They let us know ahead of time. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're looking at these like, you know, little squares and rectangles on the screen with names and faces through this. But what's really crazy is that you all made it through probably the most rigorous selection process that we've ever had in the history of tech stars, because not only did we do the most with our unique process. But tech stars, added another layer with this investment committee business that I know you all know about now, where literally our board members, and CEO directly reviewed
Neal Sáles-Griffin: each of your businesses that we had to actively defend. So the fact that you all are standing here today, when there were many, many, many, many, many other businesses. Don't quote me, but over you know well over a thousand that were buying for these exact spots that you all have it means a lot that you all are all together today, and I I hope you'll recognize that when you meet each other, what you all did. To get here means something about what you're going to do next.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So just wanted to acknowledge that.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that
Lilliana Robinson: on a much more tedious note, it is very important to me to pronounce your names correctly. So during these 2 weeks pre program. Prep. If you ask a question or we call on you, and we don't say it correctly.
Lilliana Robinson: please correct us and correct us until it's correct. So like you can say it every time until we get it right. Because it's very important to us. We have an international class here learning about many different cultures, and it's very helpful to us to be prompted by you guys so that we can pronounce every single name correctly, and your fellow co-founders and classmates here make sure that we're respectful to each other, and if someone says your name incorrectly don't take offense, we're all learning so
Lilliana Robinson: just know that I'm very excited to learn each of your names perfectly, so we can throw the slides back up. Akadena.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect. Okay, so we're going to kick off this orientation here with our team, so I think we'll start with Akkadina, and then we'll go to Chloe, me, Neil, and then George will round out with you.
akadinayadegar: Sorry I had to get out of the full screen to unmute myself.
akadinayadegar: I'm Akkadina. I am the program associate on the team. I'm brand new to the team. So I'm super excited to meet you all learn alongside you. This is my 1st textors program. So I'm super excited.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome, Ellie!
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Hey? I'm Chloe. This is my 6th tech Stars program on the PC. Here. Some of you might have seen me in your screening committee or past screening committees. It is great to see you all here in the same room
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I moved to San Francisco like 2 and a half weeks ago. So let me know if you want to try a new restaurant always down.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. I'm lilliana Robinson. You guys met me in the selection process. This is my 12th program with Neil. Here at Techstars. We've been doing this for over 5 years. I also took a stint in there, going to be a software engineer. So that's kind of my background. I studied software engineering, and I worked for a startup on front end. Dev, so that's still a passion of mine. I love helping and critiquing like
Lilliana Robinson: landing pages and web apps and everything like that. I also have a strong passion for customer discovery, which is where I got my start helping Neil teach that at Northwestern. So that's something else I'm excited to delve into with you guys. But you'll see I'm the accelerator lead here. So everything program related. Anything is what I can help with, and I'm excited for you guys to go through this. We've been waiting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, lilliana.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you also want to add, maybe some of the other programs that you've helped and worked with.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cause, it's not just.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. It's not just ours. You've been working with a lot of other tech source programs, too.
Lilliana Robinson: Like around the country, like all of our.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, and Australia and everything else.
Lilliana Robinson: I love to help and mentor other new teams. So there are a lot of things that Neil and I have like kind of invented for the techstars program that other people have adopted. So yeah, techstars. Sydney is a major one. Tech stars anywhere. Does a lot of things like that. I've been mentoring techstars, Boston, because they have a young team. Now. The Twin cities in Minneapolis also does stuff like us
Lilliana Robinson: as well as techstars in Ohio, Columbus, that that Md. Is a former mentor of our ecosystem. So Neil and I had our start in techstars, Chicago, for those of you who don't know. That's like
Lilliana Robinson: everything to us that we started, that it sunsetted about a year ago, which was perfect timing for our team to be chosen to come out and start the Bay Area programs, which was a huge honor. So we've been out here for about a year. And I split my time between Seattle and San Francisco, because my husband works for salesforce up here in Seattle. So some of the time I'm calling from Seattle some of the time I'm down in San Francisco. But I'm there quite a bit.
Lilliana Robinson: Anything else about renewal. I feel like that covers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I think that's a good start. That's a good start. We'll get the rest over time, I'm sure.
Lilliana Robinson: Go ahead, Neil!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That we're doing. George. George, did you already go.
Lilliana Robinson: George didn't go yet.
George H: Yeah, I can jump on. How you guys doing? I'm George, just super excited to be here helping the tech stars team and
George H: getting to meet and learn from each of you and figure out you know what makes you uniquely, you and how you apply that to your business, and we're super excited to learn
George H: and hopefully find ways that we can help.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, George and I originally connected through the legend that is the man named Bob Mesta, who you all will hopefully meet. But he's the creator of the jobs to be done. Framework which I'm vehemently passionate about, as you all know, so happy to have him on board. Does that leave me, lilliana?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, and they've all heard Bob on the mattress interview in the selection.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, that's right. Yeah. So you know his voice. So I I won't take much time here, because I think Lilian's gonna have me do like a proper story for y'all at the Retreat. But Neil, from Chicago, now living in California Bay area kicked off the San Francisco Ebay program in Oakland out there last year. So I've been living in Oakland, and I'm looking to move to San Francisco soon, so I'll be commuting across the bay bridge. In the meantime it'll be fun
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but no, I it's been fun getting to know California and like being new energy. So bringing tech stars to the bay for the 1st time ever. It's that that like, lilliana said, it's been an honor, and a lot of people in the Bay have been really curious about us, like, what's up with tech stars. And we're we're the new kids on the block. So everyone's gonna want to get to know you all, and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they're gonna check out your T-shirts and your swag and come up to you and talk to you and try to get the tea. So just know that you all have a little bit of wind in your sales where there's a lot of curiosity about the very 1st group of Techsar's companies to emerge in the bay. So I I plan to work with you all strategically to take advantage of that with investors and and beyond. So more about me later. But if you really want to know anything sooner, I'm sure it'll eke out as we go through the sessions this week and next.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, you'll learn a little more in the customer discovery sessions this week. About Neil. But some of you might be wondering, since we keep saying, this is the inaugural program first, st ever San Francisco program. But Neil and I are also saying we've been in the bay for a year. That's because we kind of soft launched the Bay area with 2 different programs that we're not running right now. Tech stars. Oakland, powered by Jp. Morgan was part of a fund for underrepresented founders that we partnered with Jp. Morgan, for in select cities across
Lilliana Robinson: America, and Oakland was one of them. So we ran 3 cohorts of that and then we also ran a tech stars, feature of e-commerce, powered by ebay, so that one was also kind of located in Oakland because we ran it simultaneously.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's what kind of why we soft launch the bay area. We came out here started those programs. Those have wound down. And now tech stars has put full force investment into a city program for the 1st time ever in San Francisco proper. So you guys truly are the inaugural program, the real like full launch into the bay, and we can't be more excited.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But what's great about that soft launch is that we have
Neal Sáles-Griffin: dozens, if not over 100 tech stars, companies and alumni in the Bay area want to help and get involved. And then we also have now 3 classes of companies that we've directly invested and worked with. So there's 36 companies that we know in the past year that we've invested in, many of whom are doing quite well, who want to come back and give back to you all, and help connect you to the investors that they raise money from, and all the other thinkers and and great mentors that we've been able to secure over the past year to support us. So you've got even more wind in your sales.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome. Okay? I think we're ready to go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, our mission.
Lilliana Robinson: I actually included our mission statement in the selection process when you guys were making your commitment statements. But we can just reiterate, and I'll just say it shortly. And maybe, Neil, you can expand upon it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But our mission.
Lilliana Robinson: To help founders succeed. And that's the global mission of techstars. Our CEO David Cohen is extremely founder focused. He started the very 1st Tech Stars program and our mission as a whole company as well as our mission as a team is to help founders succeed. So everything that we do in this program is geared toward just that. There's no busy work. There's no wasting your time. There's there's nothing that we will give to you. Prescribe to you, or or have you sit through. That isn't to help you succeed. That is our 1st and foremost, highest mission.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And if for some reason there is something that isn't a good use of your time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we'll adapt and adjust accordingly.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Like we're human, you know. So we've been iterating for a long time. So we have this process pretty dialed in. But every now and then there's always something that we can improve.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we treat every program like it's our first, st as far as humility. So with that being said I, I guess I'll just be
Neal Sáles-Griffin: more even more human to you all for a moment, and say that I don't think I've ever felt more excited and encouraged
Neal Sáles-Griffin: working at Techsaras, and I am right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I've been at the company for 5 years and 2 months.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we recently
Neal Sáles-Griffin: got David Cohen stepping in as the CEO.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And there's a whole story with that that will give you the entire detail on, if you're curious. In in a in a bit. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: suffice to say.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: our
Neal Sáles-Griffin: clear orientation as a business right now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is all about being the best possible business that we can be
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for our founders, for all of you right now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the big question that was posed to the company was, How can textiles right now be even better for founders?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the conversation that we've been having internally, as as an entire company. Lots of changes are underway to address that question. But we're really proud as our core team as a program team that that has always been our focus in North Star. And now we feel like we have even more empowerment to make that even more real directly for you. So it's a great time to be at tech stars, because when we say we help founders succeed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it can mean so many different things for each and every one of you given your unique situations. So our job is to figure out all the puzzles
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that we can solve for each of you on how we can individualize and customize your progress, which is why I think, like tech stars itself is a unique
Neal Sáles-Griffin: offering in that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's it's not a batch. You know it's not like this large group of of businesses, and nothing nothing against that model. But there's just a trade off and a difference in in the experience, whereas I think
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we're kind of more like a tailored outfit
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or tailored suit, where each of you are going to have a different set of measurements and and needs to address, and I'm ready to do that for all of you.
Lilliana Robinson: And everything we're saying here will be sent out in a recording, but also it's written out in our program handbook that you'll receive on by Wednesday this week. So everything that we're going to go over of expectations wise, which brings me to the next slide, which is your role.
Lilliana Robinson: So I'll go over it. But you can read more about this in the Handbook. It's really 4 parts. Your role 1st is attendance. So all full time program participants are expected to show up to every required program session. Now, when we say expected to show up, it's not without exceptions. So of course, sales calls really important investor calls anything personal matters that come up. Things happen and life happens. We're not
Lilliana Robinson: a butts and seats kind of program where you're going to be in trouble if you're not there. However, we are expecting you to communicate.
Lilliana Robinson: So for some reason you can't come to something where we would be expecting you just sending a message to me, Chloe Akadena. That would be extremely helpful. So that we're not looking for you a lot of times we'll wait to start a session, because we're expecting all 12 teams. If for some reason one of you is not there, we'll be waiting or trying to track you down, and it's much more helpful to know ahead of time when you have to miss, but over like overall
Lilliana Robinson: making your best attempt to be at every single required program. Session will only yield the best program experience for you. And that's because you're getting a lot of things in return. So, being a full time program participant. While you have that expectation. You're also getting a lot of things you get to come on the retreat. Stay at the mansion in Tahoe. You get all of the swag. You get access to the office. We have a limited number of memberships we can give out, so it is very important that there are these trade offs.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I would also add, lilliana, that it makes it easy for us to promote you as well, so we we would never, ever say anything to the contrary or negative about any of our businesses. We don't do that. We only give feedback internally, not externally, to anyone, but at the same time allowing us to have effusive praise for all of the the positive traits and qualities that not only investors, but other, you know, partners and other supporters of you want to look for if we can just say that in unison for all 12 companies throughout the entire program, that is always a gift.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we really appreciate everybody being in alignment there with decorum.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, and it'll say this in the Handbook. But
Lilliana Robinson: we didn't used to fully require attendance at all of our sessions. But after a certain point, so many iterations and design.
Lilliana Robinson: thinking went into the program that we're very confident in in asking you guys to be there and asking for your time. This is something that we take very sensitively is your time and prioritizing certain things for you, and we try to make sure that we're good stewards of your time in addition to attendance, the second part of your role is engagement. So, not only being here, but being present, so keeping your video on and being fully present and engaged in our program sessions.
Lilliana Robinson: Really important to us, multitasking is just not going to work because of the density of the
Lilliana Robinson: curriculum that you're going to be given. So you're going to be learning very deep things. Someone said, it sounds like we. You might be going back to university it. It is very similar to that. Neil and I are actually both faculty at Northwestern University, and we use very similar teaching styles at the college. So it is going to be pretty dense, and you do want to make sure you're paying attention. If for some reason you need to step out.
Lilliana Robinson: you can leave and come back. It's totally fine. It's it's not drill, Sergeant Time, but just making a promise to yourself to be engaged, and it's also respectful to all of our presenters that we're bringing in. We're going to be bringing in experts from around the world who will be zooming in.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, Dave, you can absolutely take notes. That's more than encouraged. But just making sure you give that respect because these people are not getting paid. They're coming to give their time just by our give 1st motto of tech stars. And so the best thing we can do to put our good foot forward for them is to be engaged.
Lilliana Robinson: Ask questions when they ask you to participate. Make sure that we have a lot of people raising hands. All of that good hygiene.
Lilliana Robinson: The 3rd part is being collaborative. So, yeah, is there a question.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, Lily, I was just gonna add that the the engagement part also benefits you because we've had mentors, workshop presenters, and others who come, visit, and, you know, present to you all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: take a liking or curiosity to specific founders who stand out in those interactions and engagements. So the ones who are the most inquisitive, who seem to apply what they're learning as they go follow up afterwards they end up getting angel checks, they end up getting additional advice and guidance for free. They end up getting a lot more benefits than what they originally thought they were signing up for
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because they're demonstrating how, how you know. Significant and and important they're they're taking what they're learning.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So all of these different inputs are signals about whether a founder is likely to succeed or not.
Lilliana Robinson: The 3rd part is being collaborative. So your role is also, you have the expectation that you guys are collaborating with your classmates. Neil and I always say the biggest value that you're going to get out of this program. Apart from the design curriculum, the funding, the
Lilliana Robinson: optics of getting to be in tech stars, which is a huge deal. The biggest value you're gonna get is the classmates you're gonna meet here. So part of your role is to be collaborative with them, working together, learning about each other's backgrounds, learning about each other's companies, helping each other with your problems, and just collaborating on everything, putting your heads together, problem solving together. It is
Lilliana Robinson: the highest value. I can't say it enough that you're going to get from this, and the more you lean in, the more you'll get out of it. A lot of class classes are still meeting monthly, helping each other because they got so close during program. And I say this at the beginning of every single program, and a lot of people aren't aren't sure they're like, that's not really why I came to Texters. I'm here for the learning. I'm here for all of that. And every single person on the last day is
Lilliana Robinson: saying, Wow! My class is exactly the biggest thing I got out of Flextars. So I'm just giving you that warning now, and telling you to lean in as much as possible.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 1. 1 more thing to acknowledge about that. You'll hear me say this a few times. It's going to come up as we, as we continue to iterate, reiterate that point. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there are probably some companies in this group right now that are going to build multimillion dollar businesses, and not only will you all be able to work together with the founders who do that hopefully, it's all of you. But definitely some are going to do that. But there have been times in the past where founders have pulled together resources and found a way to share with that particular company success.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You all put a little, put a little capital together, and you end up investing in that business that's taken off. So even if it's not everyone, if some of you succeed, and you end up looking out for each other. Everybody gets to ride the wave.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So there's a lot of really cool stories like that that happen in Techsar's classes.
Lilliana Robinson: And then the 4th one is staying communicative. So communication is something we very highly value. You'll see tomorrow we're going to do our base camp training. We'll talk more about communication. And then next week Neil and I will do project management day with you guys. But outside of just digital communication and good hygiene of keeping us up to date. There's also intellectual honesty. So making sure that
Lilliana Robinson: any key updates that are happening, anything like that, you're coming to Neil, to myself. We're like your co-founders now. So we want to stay up to date with your business, with what's happening with what you need, even if it's bad. So a lot of people are kind of like intimidated to give bad news to Neil. But that's actually exactly when you should come to him. So we really value staying extremely communicative during and after the program.
Lilliana Robinson: And that starts now. So you should treat us as your co-founders. We're in the weeds with you. We want to know what's happening. The good, the bad, the ugly, anything like that. And that's also day to day. That's telling us when you can't come to a session that's telling us you have to drop early for something that's also telling us, hey, we lost a customer today. So, whatever it is staying communicative is extremely important for your role here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, and I can't say that there isn't any like. There's nothing I haven't seen.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I've made a hundred 50 investments
Neal Sáles-Griffin: over the past 5 years.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I've seen a lot. So whatever you're going through is probably not going to phase us like we're ready for it. It doesn't matter what it is, you can trust us. We have seen a lot, and we can hopefully draw from those experiences to help you.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's your role. We can go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you want to explain Eirs? Now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, happy to. So one really, really cool
Neal Sáles-Griffin: addition to the tech stars program that's happened in recent years is with
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the scale of the organization expanding to over 30 different cities. Now all over the world, we've had to find ways to augment what I do as managing director with each with each of our classes. So my perspective and experience only goes so far. I'm 1 person with, you know, 1 1 set of things. It's always nice to have
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a few other people who are just as qualified to weigh in and spend time with each of your your businesses. So we actually deliberately hire 3 people per class of 12 companies to directly work with the companies on a weekly basis in addition to myself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So these are our called eirs, entrepreneurs, and residents, and each class we kind of hand pick people and recruit them, who, we think, would be a great fit to spend some of their time. We can't afford their time to be honest, but we offer up a stipend as a formality, because every program we've had we have these mentors who end up spending a disproportionate amount of time working with the companies. And they they're so awesome, and all the founders say they're awesome, but they're spread too thin.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this is a way for us to formalize our relationship with some of our smartest and most effective entrepreneurs and operators. Give them a little bit of money so that they have a formal time commitment to specific companies at specific phases of the program experience. So you'll you'll find out who they are, and and meet them in the in the coming weeks.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm excited for you to meet them. Okay, next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect. So communication protocol. This is 2 parts.
Lilliana Robinson: One. You're gonna learn a lot about tomorrow. So our hub for the program is base camp. And I wrote this out in my email on Friday, everything you'll need to know. We take pride in it all being a 1 stop shop.
Lilliana Robinson: So everything is in there. That's where we'll communicate. That's where you'll submit things from your team. That's also where you'll communicate with your classmates, there will be an Hq. Where all of you are. There will also be an individual company project where our team works hands on with your team in the weeds of your business. And then the second part is for more immediate
Lilliana Robinson: quick responses. We have another app that's on your phone called Voxer. And this is like an Async walkie talkie. A lot of venture capitalists use this. Our CEO David Cohen is on there. Most managing directors are on there, and this is how we communicate with our founders for direct or urgent things. Think of it as a direct line to Neil.
Lilliana Robinson: so whenever you need him you can send a little voice. Memo. You'll hear back from him 24 to 48 h. Pretty immediately. Basecamp is, we're also pretty much on there every single day. But if we happen to be in a meeting or something, and you just need to quickly box us we can. We can get that. So all of the information on how to download that and everything is in the program handbook which we'll get later this week.
Lilliana Robinson: and then for base camp. You'll get access at the end of the day tomorrow, after I train you guys in the morning and kind of just show you everything that you need to know.
Lilliana Robinson: The only other thing that we use is Google Calendar, slash zoom to do all of our virtual
Lilliana Robinson: programming as well as email to communicate with external members. So like our mentors, our workshop hosts, people like that are not going to be in base camp with us. That's just for the founders and our program team. So we do have to use email to communicate with the outside world, as I say. But everything, for the program will be centered in base camp, and the main reason for voxer is because Neil's inbox is extremely flooded by
Lilliana Robinson: thousands of other founders who want his attention kind of same with mine. And so it's not a great way to communicate with us. When you guys send us emails, they get buried under hundreds of emails per day with other people. But voxer is a direct line that we only give to you guys same with basecamp. So only our founders and our internal team are on voxer and basecamp. So you get this direct line straight to us.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you want to add anything about communication. Maybe, like Async stuff, Neil.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we we value asynchronous communication. First, st because it's such a treat to have time for flow, as many of you all, I'm sure, would appreciate. I come from a programming background myself, and
Neal Sáles-Griffin: having 3 4 blocks of uninterrupted time per day is golden to me, and I want to give you all that same gift if we can.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That being said, when it's time for real conversation and real time discussion, we're there for it, and we're happy to do it. We just want to make sure that we've gone through the layers of understanding whether it's the right thing to do so just trust our process. And I think, especially as co-founders and leaders of your businesses as you scale them up. You're going to appreciate some of our techniques
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, next slide
Lilliana Robinson: weekly expectations. So the 1st month, which I'll go over in the next slide. Is kind of crazy because we have an inundation of workshops in the 1st week purposefully, so we can give you as much info as quickly as possible, so that that can start being implemented as early as possible, and then we go into mentor madness.
Lilliana Robinson: So the 1st month is very unique, and it's kind of a very busy time. But months, 2 and 3 get into a rhythm. So once we pass weeks 5 and 6, and we're in that second and 3rd trimester of the program, you'll see that we get into this weekly cadence. So on a week to week basis what you can expect once we get into that flow Kpis weekly with your Eirs
Lilliana Robinson: CEO and Cxo small groups, which I'll be groups of 4. That's where you guys will get pretty close. That's kind of to support each other personally and professionally, and to just have a more intimate setting outside of the larger group to support each other. You'll have CEO roundtable every other week with Neil, and sometimes myself. And that's where we. It's with the Ceos, where we hear the problems that you're facing, and all of the Ceos, as well as part of our program team, put our heads together to try and solve those problems
Lilliana Robinson: for each of the Ceos. And then the last thing is 12 by 12. So you'll see that written as 12 x 12, that is, 12 companies by 12 noon on Fridays, it is basically an end of week Round Table, where we close out the week. We'll have it every other week.
Lilliana Robinson: and we give our highs and lows of the week and kind of reflect. Give gratitude things like that, and that's where we can come together and kind of learn more about each other, and hear about each other's weeks and bond, and I really like those. The 12 by 12 are some of my favorite parts of the program. Sometimes we'll have themed 12 by 12, so we'll have like a Halloween one for costume. Contest things like that. So there are fun things sprinkled in. Those are your weekly expectations.
Lilliana Robinson: you will also get a base camp to do list every week with certain deliverables that won't happen as much in the 1st few weeks of program. You might have one for week. One, but it'll happen a lot more in that second and 3rd month where you'll have these deliverables every single week.
Lilliana Robinson: Some of them go with the workshops that you'll have that week, and some of them are outside of that and just part of our program. So make sure that you're looking at Base Camp. If, after I give the training tomorrow, you still don't understand base camp, or you need help, it's very crucial that you make sure that you understand it, and you reach out for help, because then you will be held to delivering these assignments and things like that. And so you want to make sure that you know where to find them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And just to illuminate a little bit of what we mean by that. Like, we're talking
Neal Sáles-Griffin: data, room stuff, financial models, certain things to prep for sales, workshops, all types of things that are additive to your progress with your business, but, like more uniquely catered to the particular programming we have that week.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: We can go to the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: So program structure, I was kind of hinting at it in the last one. But the program is kind of broken up into 3 months. The 1st month is introduction and mentor madness. It's just full of programming. You should think of month one as just. You're just here to learn. Your brain's gonna be full of knowledge. You're going to have pages of notes. The second week is going to be arena week, where you kind of give presentations on some of the stuff you learned, and we tell you where you're at for each subject.
Lilliana Robinson: and then we'll have 2 weeks of mentor madness. And that concludes month, one month, 2 it'll start with Sf. Tech week, which is kind of unique for this program. It's pretty cool that's happening during your program. I wrote a lot about it. And Chloe also made you guys a guide. It's all in the email that I sent on Friday. But we will have no programming in week 5, so that you guys can attend that if you choose to do so.
Lilliana Robinson: and then week 6, we'll start growth month. So month 2 is growth month. We'll start by being all in person with some experts flying in
Lilliana Robinson: for our mid program meet up, and then the rest of the the weeks of that month are just filled with growth sales like growth, hacking sales and all these different things that'll just like help. You take the knowledge that you learned in month. One.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Development.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, actually iterate and develop your product launch start making money, iterating on experimenting, and all of those different things validating your assumptions. You've made all of that. And then the 3rd month we go into fundraising. Prep and demo day prep. So pretty much. Every workshop will be there like pitch practice helping you with your product, Demo, or getting you ready to launch a fundraising round. So that's how we break up our program. And then, obviously, it culminates in Demo Day, which will be the 1st week of December.
Lilliana Robinson: That's the basic structure. I think the next slide is about it being hybrid. Can you click the next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so it is a hybrid program. And when I say hybrid, it is an in person program that is remote, accessible. So in person program meaning we have an office. Our team will be there. It'll be available for the entire duration of the program to all full time participants. For the non full time program participants. We'll have a
Lilliana Robinson: daily rate that you guys can pay to have your part time people in there. But for all of our full time program participants. You'll be a full member for these 3 months, and you'll have full 24, 7 access to the office.
Lilliana Robinson: But there will be weeks that are remote, accessible. This is extremely helpful to our founders, so you can take meetings in other cities. You can do any sort of obligations you need personally, if you need to be somewhere else. And then we just have certain weeks where it's immersive. And we're all gonna be there required. Our host will be in person things like that. So that's kind of where we get the hybrid we are very prepared to run a hybrid program where everything is streamable.
Lilliana Robinson: We also have a lot of international founders who might not make it to week one because of visa issues. So we'll be streaming every single in person, thing to be completely accessible. Remotely so, even if you have co-founders who aren't going to be joining us in person, maybe they're part time or something. They can join every single session, or maybe 98% of the sessions. Virtually every single thing will be also hosted on zoom.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: lilliana. I think, technically speaking, we've only ever run hybrid programs.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't think we've run any other kind of program ever. This is our 12th program, and every single one has been run in this hybrid format.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And I would say, this is
Lilliana Robinson: probably the most in person program we've ever run. Having a full time. Office is not something we've ever really done before.
Lilliana Robinson: We've had
Lilliana Robinson: an office during the immersive weeks, but this one is the 1st time we'll have like a fully staffed office for the entire duration of the program accessible to our every single founder which is really.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So we'll we'll learn new things based on that, too.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm very excited for you guys to see the office, it is within galvanize, galvanize San Francisco, which is kind of like a we work, and they are so excited to meet you all the members of galvanize that already work there, they're working on their own startups and the staff there. They're so excited that tech stars is coming. So I know that they're going to want to like talk to you in the kitchen, and everything like that. So it'll be a great community for you guys. I can't wait.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There are lots of places for you all to carve out to work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you don't want to be in the main spaces that we already have dedicated, and there are multiple floors for you all to occupy as well. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I feel like the tech stars companies are just gonna like, take over that building.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? And the last slide is our commitment. So.
Lilliana Robinson: we have this written out more fully. We wrote a commitment statement for you guys just like you wrote one to get into program. But the highlights here, I'll let you read the full thing in the handbook. The highlights are. We know we're expecting a lot from you, but it goes both ways. So we hold ourselves to operational excellence. We hold ourselves to always being here to help you guys
Lilliana Robinson: through the thick and thin of making a business, and we know that we can do that because we've done this many, many times before. The highest value at techstars is give. First, st you'll hear us say that a thousand times, and you'll hear the members of our network say that but we also value. Do what's right for founders and win as a team. So our highest value is ensuring your success.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's kind of our commitment to you.
Lilliana Robinson: I think the next slide is questions. Did you want to add anything now?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You nailed it. We're good.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. So I have some.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 30 min to spare. That's good.
Lilliana Robinson: I know I figured there might be quite a few questions, so hit me with all of them, and then I'll go through some announcements, and then we'll break for lunch.
Lilliana Robinson: Don't be shy, I'm sure everyone has questions.
Kevin Su: Yeah. I guess in terms of updating for not being able to make certain meetings do. Who do we reach out to for that. And do we want to do that through Boxer email?
Kevin Su: I don't know. I missed.
Lilliana Robinson: You want to do it through base camp base camp. I'll show you how to do it tomorrow. Chloe and Akidina are our like program managers, program, coordinator and program associate are their titles. And so they'll be the ones that are in charge of attendance and things like that. So you can. You can message either of them in base camp.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Kevin Su: Thank you.
Uğur Koç | dert: Well, if you could go into a bit more detail on what the you know you were talking about the CEO change. We already read about it a couple of weeks ago. You could go into more detail about what this text arch 2 point O thing is, because
Uğur Koç | dert: you know, sure it looks exciting, but I don't get what it is, and I don't like things that I don't get so.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, no, I understand. And I feel the same way. I don't like things that I don't get either. So there were just a lot of performance improvements that were planned for techsars overall, and many of them are still underway. Some of them are changing with new leadership, stepping in for techsars. So there was a plan to, you know, roll back pro Texas programs to certain markets that plan is in part still in motion, but is also in part being
Neal Sáles-Griffin: paused or rolled back.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, without saying too much, I'll just say that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: one of the most important aspects of Texar's historically, has been community.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's really important for us.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: even if we're entering new communities to make sure that we're maintaining strong relationships in the communities that helped this organization get off the ground in the early years. So we're doing a lot of work right now as a company to make sure that with alumni all over the world, and currently and actively operating in 30 different cities. With this text, our 2 announcement that was happening earlier this year.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there were changes that were happening that made San Francisco like a key market for us now going forward. New York, Boston, and La.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That also came with an announcement that there were some other markets and communities that we operated in, that we are no longer operating in
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right. That was Seattle, Chicago, Austin
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Boulder.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I think we're in conversation right now to maintain activity in in some of these places. Still.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's kind of what it means. Right now. I'll share a much more unvarnished
Neal Sáles-Griffin: version of this story when we're on the retreat
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's not recorded.
Lilliana Robinson: That's what I call it off the record.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: And.
Annie Brown: I had a quick question. Oh, Dominique, you have your hand raised.
Lilliana Robinson: And then we'll go back.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I'll go after you. Go ahead. It's fine, all good.
Annie Brown: Okay, yeah, just a quick question, when can we start using the office space? I'm just excited to see it use it. Get out of my little studio apartment.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I'm excited for you guys, too. September 9.th Our 1st day is gonna be when you can get in there we'll do a tour we'll kick off with like a little quick orientation with the staff, and then we'll all be in there right now. We're getting it ready. We're putting up some decals and like just finishing touches, and then they'll be ready for you guys. On September 9.th
Annie Brown: Awesome. That's such a great resource. Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I'm excited for you guys, Kevin. Oh, let's go back to Dominique. And then Kevin.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Oh, thanks, thanks, Kevin. No, it was just a question regarding communication, so I'm conscious of
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: add in another communication to the cohort. But I hear that Fox, I hope I've said that correctly is is the direct communication to Neil, and so forth. Then we've got base camp, which I'm super excited about. But I'm just thinking in terms of a group between the cohort. That's
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: more for, like I don't know socially like, Hey, I'm I'm here to someone. Want to grab a coffee, or shall we do this? I don't know. It's just an idea I'm I'm just nervous to suggest it. And everyone's like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh no!
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Asian Channel.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Of course. No, no, that's going to happen like that's.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's always going to be a group that gets formed. We don't necessarily dictate what form that is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: My, my recommendation would be to like. Try out my little boxer thing because you can form your own private group.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Each other there. Yeah, you could do it there for sure, and have it as your own like, meaning not something that we're overseeing or managing ourselves. So I think you'd appreciate that to keep things simple. However. We can't tell you what to do. You. You all are your own founders in your own skin. So if you all decide, another channel makes sense, by all means do that. But I would definitely recommend trying out what we're recommending to start.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Yeah, no, I totally misunderstood. I thought I didn't realize you could do that on Vox. So my bad.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, yeah.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: The.
Lilliana Robinson: We didn't do anything wrong. I love that idea, Dominique. I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean, I mean, for that matter, you can also have your own base camp, too, like that. You could have your own project, that we're not a part of. That's also an option. So.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay, I wasn't thinking about disincluding you guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No, no, but but it's it's very important. Actually, we recommend it like we strongly encourage, like you all, having your own space to talk amongst each other. It's not enough like. And, by the way, like I'm with you like, I'm a founder, like I'm just like a cool person like I don't want you all to think that I'm like overseeing and monitoring you, or anything like that, like I can hang just like the rest of us. But sometimes you all are more comfortable, sharing like certain things just with the group, just with your fellow class members. And and we want to make sure you have that space.
Lilliana Robinson: It's also social like you said like you'll all be in Sf, most of you will be an Sf. Most of the time. So like, I want you guys to hang out as much as possible self organized when there's not official programming. I think that's great. I will say, like the I think the most successful groups. In the past. Every single class we've done have had their own private channels. The least platforms you can use the better. I've seen that it does. You do get platform fatigue.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, it gets spread out. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: We require you guys to use these 2 like you're gonna miss out on huge parts of communication if you don't have these 2. So, adding, a 3rd does inundate you guys quite a bit. So the most you can keep it on to those 2 I highly recommend. But, like Neil said we. We don't really oversee that. So that's totally up to you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, but everybody gets passionate about their own tool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Some people like slack some people like Whatsapp. Some people like, you know, whatever like thing you want to choose dealers choice, but it gets a little messy when everybody's got opinions about what tools the best and what features they want. So just be wary of that.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: See a lot of our channels. Now get over to box, just to make it easier, because I agree on the fatigue. So no, that's all
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: to meet everyone socially and have some fun. Yeah, thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I'm excited for you guys to see base camp tomorrow, because usually like at least half the class is like, I'm just gonna use base camp for my company now, and they stop using everything else because they just want everything in one place which is awesome.
Lilliana Robinson: Kevin, you are next.
Kevin Su: Yeah, so there's some really cool tech stars past startups that I don't want to reach out to. I know the acceptance was a confidential acceptance. So we weren't necessarily able to tell people that we're part of this upcoming tech stars cohort. When can we start? I guess, announcing that just for me, in terms of like connecting with previous previous tech star startups.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, well, I mean, you can introduce yourself to those companies.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Now, that's okay. You can say, Hey, I'm I'm entering the next upcoming class of San Francisco really excited. I want to get to know you or get connected, or you have specific questions. Just make sure you come correct and like not every founder is going to be as responsive as another right? So just assume good intent, and that they're not ignoring you. If for some reason it takes more time to get a hold of somebody that you're trying to reach out to, but you're more than welcome to reach out to founders now that are in the techsarge network to let them know what you're doing.
Kevin Su: Okay, cool. Appreciate that.
Lilliana Robinson: Just to clarify for things outside of that kind of like one on one communication. We do want to wait until September 9.th
Lilliana Robinson: That is the date of like where we're the press. Release goes out so
Lilliana Robinson: as much as it can help you on these kind of one, on one settings, recruitment, investing
Lilliana Robinson: networking things like that. Just extend that same confidentiality. Let them know it's not super public yet.
Lilliana Robinson: And then, September 9, th it'll be all over social media.
Lilliana Robinson: Any other questions.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: I would like to know a bit more about the demo they actually like. I know you guys like, did it all did a lot of them
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: like, what's different? Are you expect expecting? Because I'm I can see that your guys are really excited about the San Francisco batch.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: And what do you think how it will go and like? What is the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sure.
Çoruh Şimşek | CogniScope: People are going to be there. And what do you expect.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We we give, we give a whole session to prepare you all for Demo Day, where we share all the past videos from the previous demo days we've run. We set expectations. We explained you what to get from it and what you know you shouldn't expect from it anymore. Demo day amongst accelerators has evolved a lot over the years. There was a time, many years ago, when I was early on in my entrepreneurial journey, where it was like everything. People flew in from all over the world just to come to a demo day, and it was a big deal, whereas now it's become almost like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the culmination of your experience. There's sourcing of meaningful connections, meaning certain investors and people you want to have in the room. It's all good. But I will say that Demo Day is not nearly as important for the overall success of the founder experience in the accelerator program than it was.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I I it is helpful that you asked that because it's important to set that expectation right now that, like Demo Day is not
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the answer to our problems here like it's not going to trigger like it's not going to make it rain, like all the money isn't going to come from it, and like it's not going to be like the biggest deal. Whereas before I think it stressed people out because people had to do a lot of practice memorization stress. And like, it was like this whole pageant
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of a thing. And now it's like a little bit more chill like I have. You guys get up there. You do a 1 min pitch. You have a QA conversation with your eir, and you also do a product demo and product video. So that's the format for demo day that we do we found a lot of success in it, so much so that many other tech stars programs have adopted our design for how we run our our demo days.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I would say to view Demo Day. It's so good that you asked that, Shara. Thank you. As a celebration of your experience like, Neil said. I see it as like an entering into society kind of like we're doing like a debutante kind of thing, because everyone from the community will be there. But it's not a fundraising event. The money comes from the hard work that you'll put in in the months coming after program. So setting up those meetings, working hard, doing intros, using all of the
Lilliana Robinson: tools that we will teach you in month 3, and putting those into action as well as having an investable and fundable business that people find attractive, which is what the entire program is about.
Lilliana Robinson: So all of the work and months that come right after program is where that fundraising and money and whatever else you need activation of customers, all of that will come after the demo day is just a single day. And it's just a celebration kind of graduation for you guys to enter into the community of startups.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You do get a really nice artifact, though. So we hire a video production company to do a really well produced recording of your pitch.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that you can use that afterwards to send out. So if there are people not in the room that you wanted to extend the experience to, you can say, Hey, check out this, you know, my my Demo day video, can we have a conversation? So that's another really helpful resource. A lot of our founders utilize afterwards.
Lilliana Robinson: Dominique.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Trying to get off mute, hey? It's William here. So this is
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: change of direction. But for the Sf. Folks I'm a big coffee lover so really keen. We're going to be out next week, but if you've got any recommendations on coffee spots near the near the office, or downtown. We've heard fields. Coffee is the place to go, but any other recommendations we'd love to hear your thoughts. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Acadena.
Lilliana Robinson: You have any for us? Yeah. Akadina is the Sf. Native on the team.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: You got us.
Lilliana Robinson: Born and raised.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: No.
akadinayadegar: Yeah, I'll definitely send you some Recs. I can't think of them off the top of my head, but I'll send them your way.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: You know. Will is just desperate for a coffee buddy in this cohort, because I drink monster like that's not great, but I do so he's just desperate for a coffee lover. So anyone who wants to go for coffee with Will he'll be very happy. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I will out myself as a coffee snob. So I'm with you on that.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: To, the.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Gram to the Gram to the degree I'm with you.
George Reed - CEO and Founder: Leave from Melbourne.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Adelaide, boy.
George Reed - CEO and Founder: Okay, I'm in Melbourne right now.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Times.
George Reed - CEO and Founder: I recognize the coffee snob.
George Reed - CEO and Founder: Yeah.
George Reed - CEO and Founder: that's us.
Lilliana Robinson: It sounds like Kevin wants to be your buddy.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Okay, there's a few of us. Yeah. If anyone's a monster lover, we can, you know.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Awkward, cool going back on mute.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, remind me how to say your name. Is it Uber.
Uğur Koç | dert: It's all.
Lilliana Robinson: Or okay, or.
Uğur Koç | dert: It's a way, it's a weird one. My question is basically about galvanize. It? Does that come with? Does that place come with like a you know.
Uğur Koç | dert: some sort of facility where we can exercise or
Uğur Koç | dert: that do we have any good recommendations, for, you know, spots to exercise, I guess.
Lilliana Robinson: That is a good question, George. I remember you said they have like a locker room with showers, but I don't think they have a gym. Is that correct?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I don't think.
George H: Yeah. No. Jim.
George H: yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: But there, I promise you, there will be like, probably like 5, right around, because it's it's right in the area where a bunch of people are working, and so I know that there are going to be a bunch of little gyms. There are a bunch of lunch spots when you walk out. There are all these like tech professionals walking around. So it's very much in like the work district.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, we'll we'll. We'll work your brain. It's on you to work your body.
Lilliana Robinson: I love that question, though, because taking care of yourself is a huge deal. I I will talk to you guys countless times about making sure you're exercising, sleeping, eating all of that, because you'll be surprised at how many people let that falter during program.
Lilliana Robinson: All right.
Lilliana Robinson: How do I say your name, Kirim, jury.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yeah, Kurum Getai, but Karim is the short convert.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yeah.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I have a question about neighborhoods. And where we where do you guys recommend that we stay? I've been asking around
Kirimgeray Kirimli: where, we should say whether we should be in downtown
Kirimgeray Kirimli: San Francisco or Berkeley? Or should we try somewhere a little bit outside?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: What are people's recommendations. Where are
Kirimgeray Kirimli: where's everyone else staying.
Lilliana Robinson: So we made a little guide for you. Of the only the only part that we think you shouldn't stay in is the Tenderloin, and some of the like kind of veins that outspread from that. So within San Francisco kind of close to the office, there will be an area that you want to make sure you don't stay in. A lot of founders will accidentally stay there because you you like the cheap rates, but you'll see like the rates go down much, much lower when you're over there, so be careful of that, and check out the guide. We made better.
Lilliana Robinson: I'm interested in all of the natives here who who live in San Francisco. If maybe you can help.
Morgan Stanton: Yeah, I'm happy to. I've lived here 5 years now I'm happy to talk neighborhoods. If I live right near Golden Gate park. So I, you know, when we get set up tomorrow on Base Camp, I can send you a few recommendations for some some areas that I think are nice, and I've worked in the the dog patch a lot, so I know they very well.
Morgan Stanton: I disagree with Neil. I'm giving you. You're commuting over the bridge. That's crazy. Get a place in San Francisco, Berkeley, or Oakland. That's the long commute of the traffic.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I I mean, I agree with you. I I'm not doing it by choice. It's it's more of a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know I got. I got dealt that card, and I just gotta deal with it. Now.
Morgan Stanton: Places to live. It's just you. You better like, you know, taking an Uber for a while, or have great podcasts in your car.
Kevin Su: Also at, like Facebook, Sf, roommate groups, there's a lot of sublets around this time as well. Generally like pretty good areas. I mean, Sf. Is only 7 miles wide, 7 miles long, so there's only so many neighborhoods you can be in. But I re repeat the thought of like Tenderloin stay out of Oakland's a little bit far. But yeah, there's a lot of sublets during this time that's perfect for the timing of this program as well.
Uğur Koç | dert: Also.
Annie Brown: Not Illino.
Uğur Koç | dert: Sorry.
Annie Brown: Walkable to the to the Tech Stars office. So I like, I like kind of not uphill area.
Uğur Koç | dert: Yeah, I was just gonna add, like as someone who's been looking around the homes or around the you know, sf, area, like the like. You better be quick, I guess, because in my experience they constantly change. They come. They go especially since you know the kids around the block also, announced the cohort in, you know, right in the middle of San Francisco for the 1st time.
Uğur Koç | dert: You know, if you can get a deal going you probably should, because it it felt like like I. I was looking at the home one day, and then the next day it was completely gone, so.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. I love that. See, we're already helping each other. That was a great question, Krim. I'm sure a lot of people were wondering
Lilliana Robinson: any other final questions before I go over some announcements.
Lilliana Robinson: and if you remember something later, you can ask me. Tomorrow I'll have a little question segment at the start of every call.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, can we pull the slides back up a Kadina
Lilliana Robinson: alright
Lilliana Robinson: next slide?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay? So tomorrow's session. So I've talked a lot about the base camp onboarding. But I haven't talked about the second session. We're gonna have tomorrow. So as I put in the email, I wrote it out for you as well as our Ceos, who are on the Google Calendar. You'll see there's this 12 to 1 30 Pm. Pst. Session called. So what are you building?
Lilliana Robinson: This is a new session, we added. I'm extremely excited about it, because the last cohort asked for this and said that it's something you guys would like. It's so that you can introduce your companies to one another in depth to actually tell each other what you're working on. They said that without that it seems like it takes a couple of weeks to truly like. Get what each other is working on, so the sooner that you can like understand it. The more you can start helping each other, sharing connections, sharing ideas, things like that. So what you'll want to prepare
Lilliana Robinson: it's super low key. It's not like any any sort of formal thing, so you can just like wing it if you don't have time.
Lilliana Robinson: But you'll have 4 min with or without slides, like. If you want to show pictures of something you can 4 min to present anything you'd like about your company, anything you'd like your classmates to know. So it's not for us. We already in depth know what your company is pretty well cause we had to present them. But for your classmates what would be helpful for them to know? What do you want them to understand about who you're targeting, what you're building? Why, you're building it things like that, and then we'll have time for like 2 questions each.
Lilliana Robinson: So we'll let some of your classmates ask you a couple of questions about the business, and then we'll move on, so we'll do 4 min each with or without slides. You can show visuals if you want and we'll just hear from each other, and it'll be pretty fun. I'm really excited for it. I wanted to give you a heads up in case you wanted to prepare. That'll be at noon tomorrow.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool. Okay. Next slide.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, let's review your pre programmed to dos. So you're gonna await the second pre program. Update. That will be coming by Wednesday. It might come on Tuesday. That will have the program handbook that each of you is expected to read in its entirety. There is a lot of information we did not cover in this session because it's just more tedious and in the weeds. So it's expected that you read that it's pretty short. It's like 5 pages. Team reflection exercise is going to be something that will send to you. That's just going to be a short
Lilliana Robinson: one to 2 h meeting you should have with your team to reflect on some things and consider some questions. We'll give you you'll also get the pre programmed prep week, 2 schedule written out, and a couple more things. Some highlights of
Lilliana Robinson: to do's reviewing the mattress interview by Wednesday. Neil has asked that you guys review that I linked it in the email? I know you all listened to it during the selection process. That's how you got here. That was a while ago. So go back. Listen to it again. And just remember, because we're going to be referencing it a lot. So if you don't remember
Lilliana Robinson: the customer's story as well. Things like that, ways that Bob asks these questions. All of that is going to get analyzed. And if it's not fresh in your brain. It's going to be a little hard to follow the workshop
Lilliana Robinson: starting on Wednesday.
Lilliana Robinson: Remember to order your welcome kits and complete the class roster and then start working on your pre-work packets.
Lilliana Robinson: I think there's 1 more slide, a Katina.
Lilliana Robinson: So the rest of this week we're Gonna give you base camp access, you'll introduce your company to each other. We'll then go into customer discovery immersive Week. We'll hit you back to back with 3 customer discovery workshops and just completely immerse you into the framework. It's going to be a lot of learning, but I think it's going to be so fun. That's Neil, and my favorite thing to teach, and it's really the bread and butter of our program. Then.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's not. It's not a mistake to say that. I mean, we. We go deeper on that than any program anywhere like there's no program that comes even close, I think even throughout techsars they spend a good 2 h on it in one session, but for us we do at least 4, probably more.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yeah, plus presentations and one on one help. It's it's honestly a good quarter of our program. It's very important to us, because that's the cornerstone of your business. You're literally.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Lisa, sales. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: Sales is everything. We're here to help you build investable fundable businesses, and part of that is making money. So then, following week, we'll do project management. We'll go over Okrs, and then Chloe will follow up with goal setting meetings with you all. I'll do my business blueprint workshop, which is kind of a follow up to customer discovery. It's 1 of my favorites, and then there's a new workshop. That all of textures is getting that I will be presenting to you guys, which is assumptions and experimentation, and that one will also kind of cover a little bit about spending.
Lilliana Robinson: So that is our week, and next week I'm really excited for you guys. We will meet back here. Can you go to the next slide? Akadena?
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, go one more.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, we will meet back here at noon. Pst, so that's in 40 min via gather round. So Chloe's gonna put the link in the chat right here, and we'll also add it to the calendar. Invite for 12 pm. But just go ahead and save this link. This is a special like platform where we're going to do icebreakers together. We do it every program. So just kind of open this in a tab or copy this. We'll join it at noon. And then one more link. Can you go back? One slide, Akadena?
Lilliana Robinson: One more link is, we have a very rudimentary company. Lookbook for you guys. Keep it super super super confidential, but it just has some one liners, and like a little bit more about each of you, so that you guys can get to know each other before tomorrow we'll drop that link in the chat as well.
Lilliana Robinson: Sorry.
Lilliana Robinson: But yes, this gather round, Link. Make sure you save that, and we will not be joining Zoom. We'll just go straight into there at noon, so have a nice lunch break. It was so great to meet all of you. I'm so excited. So I hope that you guys are.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Hopefully started this off right? Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: CEO.
Lilliana Robinson: Feeling, good.
Dominique (CEO) & William Stone (COO)_Agent Lunar: Awesome. Thank you. Nice to meet you. Everyone see you soon.
Uğur Koç | dert: Yeah, it feels amazing.